I was being made available for committee work.
And I certainly were not a judge of private service
that's the default at work.
And so therefore I felt that although the resentment
did exist, private service was being made available
for important committee work and the passage work
justifies.
Now I understand from your testimony
that private shine made a good soldier in supply
of scaring off the training assignments given to him.
Not a word, I assume the qualified
as an expert marksman with AM1.
Yes, that's not an expert, but very close to the expert,
a very high score for that week of fire.
And any event, I mean as far as carrying out
the training part of the specific training assignments,
he performed very well.
Yes, there are no circumstances of his being frequently
absent evening for committee meetings
and doing extra work before I'm available.
But the main difficulty in that you found with private shine
was the attitude toward you and the officers
and towards his fellow trainees in general
or what, how would you summarize that?
Yes, that's the way I would summarize it.
For instance, on the 30th of November,
Lieutenant Gabriolkkiy my executive officer
was paying private shine and both to private shine
and morale fact that connected with private shine passes.
And private shine said that his work worked
with much more importance than morale of the company.
And I felt that in passing this remark
to Lieutenant Gabriolkkiy, the thing got some currency
in the company and I thought it was an underwise statement.
Again, on the fourth of January,
when I was speaking with my unit administrator,
the unit administrators, again mentioned the morale fact
when the company intended by private shine activity.
And the unit administrator mentioned the number
of 250 men in the company and private shine said
that he wasn't worried about the morale of 250 men.
He was worried about the morale of 160 million people.
And that sort of a comment I didn't consider a good taste.
Captain, did you or your platoon sergeant
in his platoon or the platoon leader, the lieutenant,
or your executive officer, other than what you just mentioned,
receive any complaints about his attitudes
and any complaints about morale in the company
as a result of his thing there?
I feel under circumstances morale
was not affected to any great degree
because I had only one AWOL during the entire training cycle.
I had no complaints at all to the environmental chaplain
concerning anything went on in the company.
And I consider that an indication of morale.
Now, you heard the testimony yesterday of Lieutenant Blount,
where you hear yesterday.
Yes or no?
To what do you attribute Mr. Kuhn alleged remarks
to Lieutenant Blount, which Lieutenant Blount testified to,
by telephone that you had not treated shine
as he felt he should be and that he was not going to forget your need?
What do you attribute that to that?
Allegedly marked, I say alleged because it's only
been testified to by Lieutenant Blount,
the connection to telephone conversation
that he received from Roy Kuhn.
So I could have said, did you or anything
done to carry that out that you knew him?
Would you testify there?
Well, I mean, did you hear the testimony yesterday
in which Lieutenant Blount testified
that Mr. Kuhn had indicated that he would not forget your name.
And I believe Colonel Ringler, I assume he's your regimental commander.
And maybe there was some other name.
I see no connection with the telephone conversation.
Nothing has happened.
Nothing happened after that alleged conversation
as far as your concern.
Love, sir.
You're just about as kind of a friend.
I'm just going to say, now it's Captain.
Well, I don't consider that significant.
Or at that point, if the two of us remark
it doesn't apply to the matter, how?
Well, I didn't make the remark Captain.
What's the rest?
Well, I think it all finished.
We ought to point out that the whole division was
the motive and the nitrogen should be the mission to the 69.
Well, Captain, I think that it's fair to say
that one of them command a company under the table
of organization, rates the rank of a captain.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
Oh, and you were actually doing a captain's job
as the first lieutenant for a while, correct?
That is correct, sir.
When did you enter the army?
I entered the army first in March the 15th, 1943.
You've been in continuously since then.
And also, I have not.
I had a period in civilian life pursuing my education
at the University of Pennsylvania.
I would be called the active duty for the Korean War
before completing my work for a degree.
You served in Korea?
Yes, sir.
And in World War II.
In World War II and Europe, we held the two leaders.
In World War II, I went to tell that medic in Korea.
I was a coordinator in the ninth assembly regiment.
It's all.
And it's right, sir.
Mr. Chairman of the Fourth Amendment, sir.
And in the cabin?
I'd like to make a request of the members,
like you may be, not as members of the subcommittee,
but as members of the Fourth Amendment.
I just want to talk to Senator Nolan.
And he tells me that he would like to let get all the administration
battles out of our committee, like on the floor.
And be disclosed, though, before the final rest of work.
It'll be impossible.
I'm trying to do that as I like to do this.
I mean, sneering for over.
Therefore, I'm calling a meeting of the Fourth Committee.
I have a 30-to-30 afternoon.
So it's just the, especially the administration
bill, trust the three citations of people
joining the backgrounds where we're
moved in contempt for the subcommittee.
And I know that that's an imposition
upon the members of this committee that work all day.
But I just think of the right for going.
And let's be whole evening meetings for the Fourth Committee.
We never can get the important legislation on the floor.
It'll be held up to badly.
And I do personally members of this committee can
go as in the final 30-to-30 meeting of the Fourth Committee.
I hope it won't last any more than two hours of the month.
And enjoy.
And enjoy, sir.
Mr. Chairman, I'm off the desk.
As I'm a part of the year, just a follow-away coming
from the Fourth Amendment.
Ready to make a feel to you is determined to confer
with the council of all the international parties.
The senior committee is not possible to expedite these years.
That day is the 21st of New Year's Day.
But for now, it's right.
Being along without taking orange up there is hard-grang.
There are five senators, high-pups,
that distribute four members of the committee
and Senator McIntyre, who should be working
many hours every day in attending meetings
in all of the appropriations committee
and the subcommittee.
Some of our subcommittees are marking
a challenging, hyper-indulatory, important legislation
that's morning of the Fourth Committee.
On appropriations is considering a very important meal.
And here, we are, the very same I would like your excuse.
So will the moving hearings of the Fourth Committee
on time spending and to consider as a military budget
for the coming fiscal year?
It seems to me that the American people have reached
the point where they realize we cannot justify
devoting days and weeks and weeks
in such a thing as this, which certainly does not
be matching importance, titlework,
about appropriations committee, and other work of the Senate.
And likewise, I think we ought to try to release
the officials of the department beyond,
so they can get back to work.
We have important prisoners that find out the date.
And I think that if you host the members of the subcommittee
and the chairman and the council, then may they
change share and diligent efforts
for a tight date for terminating these work.
Thank you.
I believe you have a much better explanation
here and without talking about expediting it.
And we didn't listen all our time,
expediting the hearings in line.
And I will return any charge about taking time
to talk about expediting the hearings.
Day after day, I have refrain from taking up
the time of witnesses because it seems to me
we are dealing with a lot of inconsequential things
and calling in witnesses who testimony doesn't seem to have
much of sparing on the determination of the dispute
with the committee's charge to a duty.
Sheriff, he spends a night of hoes making no charges
of any kind.
He's simply recording, we spent one whole day
talking about expediting the hearings and got no place.
Sorry, well, very well.
We're simply playing out now.
We are making it.
And we, I think, got a rapid headway.
We're following our understanding with the party
because it is useless to well-desert
that they can then be called.
There are other witnesses and as soon as the Army case
has been presented, to the other side,
which I hope will be sometimes today.
Just for the day, the 41, the 41, the 41,
the other side, the percentage of cases
was the same.
And now it's not.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, may I just say that I agree
with some of the two, the watchful, personally?
I think the view taken less time, as much as any man here
to plan, get the show off the road night
once you've come for money and for that.
I have questions.
Can we go back to it?
Come in.
Well, I'll have to sign it.
Well, Mr. Chairman, with respect to the delays,
I would like to respectfully point out
to my friend and distinguished.
Senator Pomito holds that he boarded to delay
the hearings for a week.
And all the Democrats boarded to keep the hearings going.
Senator, may I ask the senator to you?
I will always be glad to hear.
My condolences.
The members of the subcommittee
to bring us our conference in attention
to quite a section.
Very important questions.
May I ask the senator then, if that is his impression
is that we would recess the hearings until the appropriation
of the bill would be over and then,
Stoner would be termed.
That's what we spoke.
Post-ponged the hearings and followed
with a Congress of jurors.
And when the subcommittee can remain here
and continue the hearings.
I can't believe he's going to ask questions of the list.
I have a comment about it, but I didn't hear any.
We will expert that in with my.
I appreciate the fact that the chairman would like
to get the hearings going.
I have 10 minutes.
I respectfully like to say that the chair also voted
to postpone hearings over 10,000 minutes.
A few days ago.
Well, therefore, with that premise,
I'd like to ask the colleague,
from Idaho, that he can prepare to spend 21 days hearing
one side of the case, and then recess,
or right to the other side.
Certainly, I do not want that time to be.
The chairman is helping to make sure that the committee
is on the base.
The president of the witnesses
can have a political debate on the floor of the Senate.
All right, the radio will be kept parallel in time.
All right.
Some of the time, we should ask your questions.
I would like to respectfully ask the chair,
how much more of my ten minutes he would like to have,
because I'd be glad to yield his order.
Take it all up at the pair of open doors.
The next witness.
Alive to have we now have the chairman back in the merry
move that we all like.
I'd like to ask the witness, did you say
that flight of China was AWL on the New Year's Eve,
Captain Miller?
Yes, sir, I did.
Who did you report it to?
To the adjunct who reported to the Regimental Commander, sir.
To who?
To the Regimental Commander, sir.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Senator McClellan was caught in.
I didn't hear your answer.
I telephoned the adjunct of the Regimental
who reported it to the Regimental Commander, sir.
Who is he?
Colonel Earl Alive's wing writer.
And what did he do about it?
He called the report to be made to Colonel Lyonser.
And what did General Lyon do about it?
General Lyon stated that the private sign was to be left home
and that there was a possibility
of a misunderstanding which might be a true hit
on Monday morning.
And if a member of the committee
called for a private sign for committee business,
that he would be high-spent passed
and made available for that work.
He was saying, no, remember this committee
stands gotten touched with you.
Did you know that they're gotten touched
with your high authority at Camp Dix today, John?
I've found this out subsequently, sir.
So subsequently, to what?
To the weekend, sir.
Well, while private sign was on the base or afterwards.
Afterwards, sir.
Now, I'd like to ask this question.
What effect did these passes have?
Excess passes as a gains average on the morale
and the platoon or the company that you were in charge of?
As I stated, the statistical indications were
that there was no material effect upon the morale.
There was no cover resultant by the trainees.
Because I would say private myself for a couple of years
and that anything that he would have
gets the I don't get at the private service.
And there was this resentment.
It got to me through rumor and to report.
And I don't know if it's effective.
Most of the people in your company in that case,
they, the trainees are all inductees.
They are all new civilian elders.
What is the average age?
The average is about 19, now sir.
But it is much as private sign was considerably older
than the others.
Wouldn't that normally put him in a position of leadership
with respect to the company?
Yes, I expect to use quake care and judgment
and handling of a judgment-revaculous trip
with the other trainees.
Well, wouldn't that maybe justify some of the things
which he did that you felt were out of order or improper?
That you mentioned in what way?
Didn't the younger men look up to him for leadership?
No, sir, I don't believe that that was the case by the time
with that squad leader.
No further questions.
Well, the next question is, shall we return to our studio
to cost the country to permit our station
to identify themselves?
This is ABC, Tom Abishan, Nuttford.
Most of the fans have three top thrillers for it and that
have 7.30 feet in touch amongst the best
starring Tom Connay.
If 9.30 AMP Playhouse presents devil's other names
starring Arthur Frank and a 10.30 foreign intrigued
TV privately vegetaries starring James Daly
for the American Channel 7.
Equip!
Perfect rest, Mattress.
Regularly 59.75, now 39.75.
Save $40 with Equip.
That's really one A-Wall during that cycle.
And that A-Wall was a young man who had finished
who was the lengthened and had spent some time
in form school.
And it was blown in the fortune that he was a man who was likely
to sell a wall so that I didn't consider that indicative
of negative morale.
That don't matter if he's continuing to do the day of this.
Right, and he'll give him back on the morale of your company.
Yes, and in addition, especially the support
which comes from the chapel are indicative of morale.
He may not compensate with that chapel.
And the chapel can turn in four months of indications
of form around our company so that we can take correct
action.
So Mr. Rope?
No, I guess Mr. Metnayce still has it.
That's right.
Yes.
And now I will give this to you.
Mr. Nightseh, you have 10 minutes in which you can interrogate
your list.
If you say.
I have just one question, sir.
I guess it's about a fine one point.
On 31 December, happened, though.
After you discovered by the shines after,
did you take any other action, by referring it to high
authority?
Right, close the telegram to the set,
which is the normal telegram set to anyone
who's on A-Wall must be sent within 24 hours.
I close the data back to private sign.
I arresting him to return for his big face.
Mr. O'Liet, how's Mr. Shannon?
Mr. O'Liet, send him to the garland.
That's a fact.
Yes, sir.
So Captain, if you haven't eaten
a macaroon, Mr. O'Liet, myself, I believe I previously
testified that I had left there.
You've never met anyone, right?
There's no so I have left.
I had anyone of us ever asked you for a influential treatment
of any kind for private sign.
No, so you have not.
I see.
I have no further questions.
I have a condom attack.
4 or 2, and then I say Captain,
that was my staff here for the last hour and a half
of first letters.
And they say, a third of a year, I had it
to see a Captain, a company commander sitting there
searing a private.
But then I began to think it over and realize
that you must know what happens to even a general who
comes in and gives us all the facts,
and cooperates by glockens, a threat to breaking.
I don't know, he can't testify.
But I'd like to ask you a few questions.
You saw that Mr. Shine was AWOL.
Mr. Ryan on page 3423.
Do you have that sample?
Get 3423, please.
Just a moment, Ryan.
Close the money.
Time out for there.
Get in here.
I'd like to ask you a question.
What's your reference, sir?
Well, Ryan is testifying you
through his conversation with you.
Does that correct?
But for the bottom of the page.
Yes, I've looked at it.
Right.
According to Ryan, he said I asked.
Meaning he asked you a direct reference.
To describe what he asked you, I said,
I believe you're a question.
I don't see the reference, sir.
But I've left me a quote the whole passage.
He says, I asked whether or not
part of a giant out of path.
A rippin' path, when he said, quote, yes.
Part of a giant had a path.
I've been in the military a file myself,
and I've often applied a cut of path
so the way I'm conformed with that path,
he could not be a W.O.L.
I may have to cut a niche line of the path.
Jennifer, I believe that.
I may have to be questioned,
or be a captain of the state.
The question is, I'm a captain.
Well, Mr. Chairman, I believe that question was asked
of Lieutenant Blount and Johnson-Captain Lulla.
I just want the captain explain that,
but I just want to point that out.
Well, that's the matter of the captain.
And who's General Ryan?
Who are we?
That's the kind of problem.
I can handle the question, all right, sir.
May I just get the fact,
this is General Ryan Captain,
it's the gentleman, what is your name again?
Lieutenant Leighton, sir.
Lieutenant Viewer referred to page 3422.
You'll find that the local Lieutenant Blount Captain
is General Ryan.
Oh, sir.
What happened?
I didn't say that, Lieutenant Blount was Captain.
I merely stated that General Ryan was
a suspect, a convoy, and he had
with Lieutenant Blount and not with Lieutenant Lulla.
I think you're right.
That's what we're going to ask on Captain.
The Ryan apparently was talking about a convoy
that he had with Brown.
Who is Brown?
He is fellow, why is he?
He testified yesterday.
And this was following a convoy
that was Brown had with Viewer.
That's right.
That is correct.
So the Ryan was asking Brown about a conversation
that he had with Viewer.
And when we found this person on the Yes sign
had a path, is that correct?
Good to have you know.
I'll answer the answer, yes.
And then I'll qualify, sir.
Don't don't like the speech too long, but yes.
I'll qualify.
The question was quite long, so I'll
qualify the answer by May.
OK.
The pilot's trying to pass a pass form in his possession,
a pass form that was granted to him
on the first day he was in the company.
I stated to private service that time
that the pass form was for the purpose of proving to people
off post that he was legally unpaid.
And it was not for itself authority to be absent.
I stated to private service authority
was come from higher headquartered.
And this authority had not come.
The path was not anything other than a piece of paper
in his possession.
And, incidentally, if I heard your testimony correctly
as I was reading some material here,
you said that you became angry when you were talking to him
through private sign, and he asked you to lower your voice.
And we now agree that Mr. Cohen does not have a monopoly
if I'm getting angry, but even some people
near me get angry also.
Oh, that's correct.
The pilot.
Now, just one other question was going to act
as an example.
General Ryan, I believe, justified
that there's an inspector general's investigation
of private signs, activities as a result of charges
made by the New York Post.
I assume you're aware of that, I have the investigation.
I answered.
Now, the New York Post had men down at Fort Dick's interviewing
military personnel at that night.
I get the inspector by the doctor.
Did any of the interview you?
No, sir, I interviewed all interviews
because that matter was under investigation
by the inspector general, and I didn't feel
that it was my fault that the inspector filed.
Now, let's get this to the sequence straight.
You said you accused all interviews
because the matter was under investigation.
I did.
And General Ryan said the inspector general's investigation
was a result of charges made by the New York Post.
Their story showed they had men down at Fort Dick interviewing
a ton of things like it, because they need to provide it.
In interviewing people on your post,
the question is that anyone from the New York Post
talked to you.
So no one from the New York Post talked to me.
But did they talk to people in your command?
Yes, they did.
Unfortunately, I was out of reach.
Now, who authorized that particular activity
on the part of the New York Post?
I cannot think there.
Are you aware of the fact that the man who is now
the editor of the New York Post has admitted on their old
that he was a top official in the Communist Party?
Are you aware of that?
I know of no such incident there.
Do you know that Mr. Wechler, James Wechler?
Who is now the editor of the New York Post,
the post of some investigators down here at the company.
The bank had a frame on.
Down to the tee, he had admitted on their post.
Number one, that he was on the National Committee
of the Young Communist League.
But he organized tours to Moscow.
You know, that is the man whose reporters came down
to court dicks and their activities resulted
in the inspector general spending a vast amount of time
investigating private time.
Mr. Chairman, the witness has stated
that he was not present at court date
when the New York Post people came down there.
So I don't see how it would be material whether he knew
as the background of anybody of the New York Post.
I think that's the correct decision we've done.
Leave that and you will not ask for a picture to the time.
Further, all the material presented by a McCarthy
is not an item in which I would have first to acknowledge.
When was your leave, Captain?
My leave commend about the 18th of January,
and continue to the week after Easter.
For one week, it's about as the conjecture this time.
I don't really glad they kept it.
It's a night out week.
For me, it's youth for the 21st about doctors.
When I have the article,
I've turned to the first article,
I'm not sure if it's the first or not,
from the New York area, from the New York Post.
It is January 29, so those were four days after you
returned the chapter.
I'm just curious to know how number one a paper.
And the editor has been one of the top officials
of the terminus market.
Who is the most happy left via I consistently attached to have it?
Let me finish my question.
I lie.
I finish my question.
And I'm going to bother.
I gave it all to Justin morning.
It was given this time.
There is no justification in my opinion for stating
that Mr. Waxler was the top official of the Communist Party.
Mr. Chairman, can I have the understanding
that at least the son of his will not interrupt me
halfway through a question?
If Mr. Waxler signing in wants to access defense counsel,
Mr. Waxler can do that for my cut to his finish.
Mr. Waxler appeared for a committee.
He admitted on our thoughts examination, Mr. Simon
can know this, but he was on the national committee
of the young Communist League.
But he organized tours with what the Moscow,
he admitted that while he claimed was already formed,
that he never went to the FBI and gave
him any information except to complain sometime in 1948
about an investigation was being conducted of his wife,
who also mentally remembered the part here
of the young Communist League which is a part of the fight.
So let's get the facts straight.
It's all other rules, all a matter of record.
And I would like to keep the subject of Missouri
will allow me to finish my question
before you raise this kind of order.
Now, will the reporter read my question
over our words when I was interrupted?
I have a parent who is the first article.
I am not sure if it is the first or not from the New York
today, but from the New York Post.
When would you read it again?
First?
I didn't get it.
I have a parent who is the first article.
I am not sure if it is the first or not
from the New York Daily, from the New York Post,
dated January 29.
So this was four days after you returned, Katherine.
I am just curious to know how, number one,
pay tapers, whose editor has been one of the top officials
of the Communist Party, who has been attacking the FBI
company, that's correct.
That's correct.
Now, Katherine, you may not be able to give me some information,
but I am very curious to get your comments on this
if you have any.
We have General Ryan testifying the other day
that the Inspector General's investigation was
a result of articles and written particular sheets.
We have a testimony of the editor under old.
That he was one of the top officials
of the Communist Party, namely, that he was
on a national committee of the young Communist believe.
We have his testimony to the effect of the organized chores
to go to Moscow, young people.
His paper has consistent play, attacked the head of the FBI,
everyone who has ever dared to expose to him.
I am curious to know how this paper, above all others,
apparently, has a three-round of your post,
and how it is so powerful that I think
it gets him to inspect your General's investigation,
which costs I assume a considerable amount of money.
Would you be able to comment on that?
I am definitely inspired by Captain May and Captain
but I would like to answer the question, sir.
Please.
I have no personal knowledge of the article in the New York
Post.
They were reported to me.
I never read them to any extent.
I know of the allegations which were presented.
Some of them were critical of me.
The New York Post's report did not come to my company,
I lied election, if any came there at all.
It is accustomed with newsmen, a report
to a post to go on the public information officer,
when they are granted or denied permission
to interview people on the post.
I understand that I want an occasion,
the occasion on which I was asked to permission
last-led it for newsmen.
I, to visit the company and introduce
members of the company.
If I were present, I would not have given
any information.
However, they did interview members of my company.
I do not know what newspapers they represent,
and I know nothing of the activities of New York Post.
Conclusion, any further questions?
I believe you're the counsel's patient.
Yes, I believe that the principal item on which private
shines, characterizing the state,
was the New Year's imp...